hey guys let's get this here 101 and
today I have a review on the shares SRH
440s so in the box what you get is you
get this thing right here it's a pouch
with the sure logo and this is what you
used to carry your headphones and here
are the headphones right here so let's
get on with this review let's start with
that static value this really looks
really nice and it looks pretty sturdy
and it is quite sturdy right here and up
top you get a sure logo and what I like
about these headphones is that it's very
compact so you can fit them in the bag
just take it on the go just like that
alright so let's open it up and let me
give you guys a review on this here you
can see that there are up to 10 sizes
you can do for your head so for smaller
big heads and one of the cons I didn't
like about these headphones is that it
has this wire sticking up and it's kind
of not as bad as you would think it
would be but it's kind of knowing when
you're like trying to compact the to the
headphones together or try and use it on
your head and you just have two wires
sticking out it looks kind of weird but
overall this these headphones are pretty
good and I'm the sound quality these
headphones are great for what it's worth
I got these headphones for 80 bucks and
these headphones are good with highs
lows and the base isn't that good but if
you're looking for beats or something
like that then these are definitely not
good on the base but for me I don't
really like bass as much because it kind
of gets me nauseous so these are pretty
good base running and the side right
here pretty flashy sure sure a logo
right there SRH 440s pretty shiny and
these are pretty good at swivels so
these can also be for DJing and you can
see the earcups also go
this so you can DJ with this and the
main uses for this is for home or studio
usage and one of the you guys may have
noticed that there's no wire coming out
of these headphones and that's one of
the great things about it is that these
headphones are the wire is detachable
let me show you guys the wire right here
these are it's a coil wired so it's long
but you can make it even longer because
it's coiled and I think this is really
nice because it's really compact as well
and both sides of the heads that
connected to your iPod and to the
headphones are gold-plated so that's
really nice and one of the greatest
thing about is is that most headphones
they have detachable cords like these
high-end ones and what sets this aside
from other ones is that when you put
this in you can actually lock it in so
you just place it in there and you turn
it and it's totally luck and it will not
come up but if you unlock it it does
come out so that's what I really like
about this its safety precautions and
yeah just the locking capabilities it's
just really nice so that you know that
why in your middle though listening to
music nothing's going to happen to these
and overall these headphones are pretty
good for its price it's 80 bucks on
amazon and again as I said these cords
are detachable so if these break or your
headphones break you can go on ebay I
guess by new headphones or if your wire
breaks you can buy replaceable wire and
they also have the wires that aren't
coiled so you have an option of both but
when you buy it comes with the coiled
ones few other things I liked about
these headphones or that um although
these these headphones are pretty sturdy
but even though they're sturdy these
headphones are also light matte I
recently went to Vegas with these
headphones and I put these headphones on
in the car slept and slept with them and
I did not feel much discomfort so these
headphones are really good for traveling
and again it said these are really light
and also really sturdy it's not this
plastic ain't cheap this is pretty hard
plastic and another good thing about
these headphones is that these ear cuffs
right here these are circumference or
your whole ear and so it's kind of like
although it doesn't wreck it doesn't say
that these headphones are noise
cancelling when I put what I found
myself one time putting these on this
needs some music and there's a guy right
behind me talking to me and I did not
hear a single thing you said so yeah
these headphones are pretty good at
counseling noise up and with the ear ear
pieces ear cups these are really soft
and comfortable so as I said again this
is how I was able to sleep through in
the car when I was going to Vegas these
headphones are really light and the
earpiece are very comfy and as I said
with the wires right here the cord is
replaceable and so are these earpieces
so if these tent if these earpieces
start to get worn out you can replace
these I don't know how much I will run
you but then yeah these cords run you
about 15 bucks and you have the option
again of getting the straight one or the
coiled one and so yeah guys that's my
review on the shores SRH 4 40's and
these are pretty good headphones and I
recommend you guys to get these if you
are I guess if you just want to listen
to get some high quality music and not
using those crappy apple earphones so
yeah guys let's get this here 101 and
see you guys later